Clarify syntax for fromJson (#418)
rrousselGit/freezed: packages/freezed/README.md

That's it!\
With these changes, [Freezed] will automatically ask [json_serializable] to generate all the necessary

> `fromJson`/`toJson`. This will only work if use the `=>` syntax for `fromJson`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fromJson`/`toJson`.

**Note**:  
Freezed will only generate a fromJson if the factory is using `=>`.
```
